so we're not exactly fully moved into
the new office but videos must roll so
let's check out the Logitech G 29
driving force by the way like the video
if you're a huge fan of five-gallon
buckets there just you can use them for
so many things they're awesome
fishhooks is the super simple invoicing
solution that lets you get organized
save time and get paid faster click now
to try it for free
the g29 driving force doesn't look a ton
different compared to a g27 or g25 for
that matter other than the buttons on
the steering wheel and that's fair
because well that's about it but it will
come on to that again closer to the
conclusion for now let's just focus on
the g20 9 for internal hardware the g20
9 steering wheel has dual force feedback
motors anti backlash single reduction
helical gearing automatic calibration
all that kind of stuff which actually
the calibration at least looks really
badass when you first plug it in it has
900 degrees of overall rotation and a
Hall effect sensor the force feedback
feature takes in-game conditions and
transfers them to the wheel so that you
feel more like you're actually in the
vehicle that you're driving for instance
I was playing project cars and did a
bunch of career cart racing I had a
tendency to cut corners a little bit too
close and it was very apparent when two
of my wheels would run up onto the curb
because the steering would change very
cool the dual feedback motor was also
pretty fantastic
it was nice to have it fight with me as
I would try to drag my cart around a
corner at a way to high speed when the
game was giving me red arrows all over
the place speaking of fighting with it
while doing so my hands were
surprisingly comfortable Logitech claims
that they constructed the g20 9 with
materials that were selected for long
term durability precision and comfort
and especially that last one comfort was
apparent pretty quick the leather
wrapped around the steering wheel feels
great we talked about precision
components earlier and in terms of
durability they do have anodized
aluminum through the steering wheel
which is great although the rest of the
body is mostly plastic but that being
said that's probably fine as the only
other things that you're directly
interacting with are usually metal or
leather moving down to the pedals which
feature throttle brake and clutch which
a lot of other solutions kind of skip
out on you have metal plates for each
pedal and then a whole lack ton of
plastic which again is probably fine I
don't know of many people having issues
with the g27 pedals and the overall
design of these is
more or less the same the pedals are all
self calibrating and the brake pedal is
nonlinear in order to mimic a
pressure-sensitive brake system for more
responsive feel you can make adjustments
to the pedals to move them left or right
by small amounts by using a 2.5
millimeter hex key which can help people
with big or small feet just fine-tune
things to themselves moving back up to
the steering wheel we have the controls
all these can be macro set into pretty
much whatever you want but most games
will have some sort of profile that the
logitech gaming software included with
the steering wheel will pick up on and
set up for you you can change things
within the software or say force profile
override so that the wheel will act the
exact same way in every game that you
try it in overall this software was
intuitive and very easy to use in
addition to your standard PlayStation
buttons you have a plus and minus
buttons a dial and an Enter key which
will most often be unused in a lot of
different games default profiles leaving
it up to you to bind additional options
to this and behind the steering wheel
there's your left and right paddle
shifters and up on top you have a
PlayStation 3 or Playstation 4 selector
switch by the way for pc select
playstation 4 on the bottom of the
steering wheel there are cable routing
holes for whatever accessories you may
have and there are arms that can grab
onto most desk surfaces and hold it in
place the metals have an optional mini
plastic spike thing that can drop out
and grab onto the carpet in order for it
to not slide around as much if you're an
advanced user and have a gaming cockpit
like the oboe tow which you can see
Lynas review here there is standard kind
of threaded bolt holes on both the
bottom of the steering wheel and the
pedal mount using this thing was pretty
great it didn't automatically work in
every game that I tried but it picked up
in project cars immediately and it was a
lot of fun to play with a good feeling
comfortable steering wheel with a fair
amount of force feedback Logitech has
done a really good job with their
profiles in game detection was a breeze
when it worked my only gripe was that I
couldn't get dirt or grid to to detect
the wheel at all but that made me more
their fault than maje decks if you can I
would definitely recommend mounting both
of these units to something pretty solid
overall it was fine but there were a few
times where I would react to something a
little strongly and either caused the
pedal unit to slide out or tilted the
whole steering unit not 100% ideal but
not bad for something that took me about
two minutes to set up in conclusion this
thing was a ton of fun but to jump back
to the beginning of the video for a
second it's a lot like the g27 and at a
suggestive retail price of 399 u.s.
dollars I think would be hard-pressed to
actually recommend someone replace
they're still perfectly fine g27 with
this thing unless they need it for
compatibility reasons the price is
pretty steep and definitely the main
detracting feature of this product and
it's getting into the level of competing
with some extremely high-end racing
wheels with some pretty intense features
from other brands so let me know what
you guys think in the comments down
below
speaking of looking good Dollar Shave
Club Dollar Shave Club is a great way to
get razors and other various bathroom
supplies shipped directly to your door
for only a few bucks a month the razors
are high-quality and we have a ton of
community members who use them every day
and love the smooth shape that they get
no matter how thick or coarse their
facial hair may be on top of their
razors they also have dr. Carver's shave
butter which goes on smooth and clear so
you can see what you're doing and their
peppermint scented butt wipes for men
for those of you over here in North
America that can't get your hands on a
bidet so check out everything they have
to offer over at dollarshaveclub.com
slash Linus thanks for watching guys in
this video suck you know what to do but
if it was awesome get subscribed hit the
like button or even consider supporting
us directly by using our affiliate code
to shop on Amazon buying a cool t-shirt
that is hopefully not dirty and like
this one or with a direct monthly
contribution from the forum now that
you've done all of that stuff you're
probably wondering what to watch next so
click the little button in the top right
hand corner to check out our moving vlog
where we still don't have a fire pole
hashtag fire pole if you want to see us
get one